it only takes a matter of seconds for
everything to fall apart losing two to
one the Sheffield United losing better
check losing Romelu Lukaku who was our
top goalscorer we need reinforcements we
need somebody that can help us get out
of this dark period and more importantly
help us keep on pace with Manchester
City now against Aston Villa would be
rainy so he went from short sleeves to
an undershirt you don't want to get a
cold we don't want to get sick Sanderson
right now is going through probably the
best moment of his career now the
opponent is Aston Villa right from the
beginning of the match you could see
that Chelsea wanted to take control the
ball with Sanderson at the helm
distributing and forcing an attack aston
villa was clueless and right here oh
that would have been beautiful would
have been finished but it was just
outside but again chelsea dominating the
possession showing that they can play an
attack in style of football you know
Mourinho has been criticized for that
but this season with Sanderson
captaining that middle of the mid that
middle of the park they've really turned
it up a notch but if you're a team that
holds possession and doesn't finish then
eventually your opponents they'll find a
way this is what happened to chelsea 1-0
in the 22nd minute and how would they
respond
how can you respond immediately from
kickoff Sanderson valderrama once again
ask him for the ball making himself
available and you'll shoot the ball and
it is one to one the fans go crazy for
Sanderson every time he does his little
dance these fans go crazy it's become a
signature mark for Sanderson valderrama
so he go into the half and it's one to
one coming out right out the gates the
game turned physical and you know that
Sanderson can respond referee would
caution him no matter Sanderson was
inspired in the second half and even
though right here he misses and he will
lament it if Chelsea goes on to lose
aston villa with a Miss and the seconds
are dying down it's already the 88th
minute and who can be the Saviour the
hero for Chelsea Sanderson once again
the hero for Chelsea 89th minute two to
one and the fans they deserve it they
deserve all this praise some people will
feel bad some people will feel great
for Sanderson has been one of the best
moments of his career you can see the
papers they were all saying it was a
dramatic finish and we move on to wigan
athletic everybody knows Sanderson now
everybody knows that when he's on the
pitch you have to have to play
aggressive because if not this kid will
destroy you against wigan athletic they
were doing just that holding Sanderson
down kicking him pulling him for
Sanderson kept fighting minute 22 asked
for the ball sends it across that it's
another goal it's an assist by Sanderson
this time and things can't get any
better for this kid I mean he fights for
the ball shoots the ball I mean this kid
is just insane right here pass to it
though he misses the opportunity and
Chelsea goes up 10 in halftime and look
at this dominance fifty-nine percent
possession seven shots with seven on
target minute 49 Sanderson evading the
attackers shoots the ball it's a rebound
Victor Moses with the 20 to put Chelsea
comfortably in the lead because they
have been dominating in this corner kick
Sanderson heads the bond it just hits
the post that would have been I believe
that would have been sent us his first
goal from a corner it could be wrong if
you guys want to check that out for me I
could be wrong but right here in minutes
66 Sanderson again with another through
ball that just he just knows exactly
where to put a Wigan will pull one back
to 21 the 68th minute
but if Wigan can do that and you know
Sanderson can mount another attack and
he gives it to Schurrle surely would
pass it down of one motto sends it
across the sentencing he barely missed
but Fernando Torres is right there to
finish it off and it is three two one
Chelsea and can anybody beat this
Chelsea squad now they do need
reinforcements who goes out check
us out I believe Ashley Cole is out with
a card issues so they do need
reinforcements it's a 9.4 for Sanderson
valderrama the match stats are just
dominant there's nothing you can say
about that and in this transfer window
will they get somebody for Chelsea or
will they let send us and go who knows
you'll find out in the next episode
thank you very much for watching guys
all my series are right here on these
three video you just click on any one of
them and it'll take you straight there
please like the video you liked this
video subscribe if you're new to the
channel and somebody will be leaving the
team let me know in the comment section
down below who do you think is leaving
the team would it be Martha will it be
Sanderson can it be hazard Torres let me
know guys for now it's been enough tops
boy full metal zone and I'm out